# Week 1
 During week 1 I created a Bootstrap Carousel with five different images in it. The images are photos I took personally for professional use for The Gainesville Sun newspaper while covering weekly high school football events this semester. I also created my H1, included a byline and an introductory paragraph to my website above the Carousel. I have implemented a simple bootstrap theme via a css document (bootstrap-theme.min.css) and started formatting my webpage with my own design via style.css. The style.css file is not complete yet as I will continue to add style as I add more element to my page just for the style of the page and containing my divs. (Ex: HighCharts and Twitter embed) As my approved project proposal stated, this is what I will have had completed by this time for the final project. Mindy's comments on my proposal told me to look at and choose my bootstrap theme and I have chosen the free theme: Yeti from bootswatch.com and will be continuing to use it going forward. To help with my Bootstrap Carousel I watched this Youtube tutorial: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R0nkkXkrby0. I hit a couple hiccups with my slider getting the caption to show up properly and to have the buttons in the ordered list work properly but I was able to fix them by reading my code line for line and addressing those issues. I have a problem with the slider when it is open on a wider screen there is empty space next to the images, but when it is brought into a smaller view (mobile) it looks fine. I like how this is starting to look but I will need to be extremely careful moving forward as I plan to hang information to the right side of my Carousel and want to also keep the page visually appealing.




# Week 2
During week 2 I created two different HighCharts to show the comparison of offensive stats between four local teams in the area. I separated the data (From MaxPreps.com) into rushing and passing yards. Since the teams utilized multiple running backs I made the graph a clickable dropdown graph. The second chart is a singular bar graph to compare the teams' quarterbacks. For this week I utilized HighCharts demos for the two charts as well as a JSFiddle testing tool: https://jsfiddle.net/highcharts/llexl/. I hit a few snags when I was trying to get the charts to show up on my website and not JSFiddle but figured out that the $Function line was not relevant from the demo site. I need to learn for the final week how to edit the size of my Carousel and place the two charts next to each other on the page. The Twitter embed that I plan to do in week 3 will be placed next to the Carousel and will be a slim rectangle shape so the final page will have the heading and paragraph followed below by the Carousel and Twitter Embed on one line and when you scroll down the two charts will appear side by side. I'm still also trying to figure out how to fix the charts and Carousel for larger screen viewers (I plan on asking for help with direction on this in class Tuesday.)

# Week 3
During week 3 I created the Twitter embed that is featured on my site. I had a very hard time trying to figure out how to make more than one tweet show up on the timeline and I couldn't figure out why it only showed items from the current month. I used a Twitter widget to get this done and onto my site. I then included a paragraph to tell the user to see more tweets to press the view on Twitter button and it would show all the tweets that I wanted to show up in the embed. (https://twitter.com/settings/widgets) I also created floats for the Carousel and Twitter embed to have them next to each other on a wide screen. Once the screen gets smaller they fall into a vertical line above the graphs. I also added a few pieces of CSS to give the page a grey tint as well as margins to show that I have all the content in a container on the page. To fix the problem with the Carousel from last class I gave the Carousel a max width and height to ensure no spaces show up around the images in the Carousel. I could not figure out a way to change the colors of my second graph to match the colors of the first since they are different Highcharts demos. I also went ahead and added a defensive graph to round out the page. 


# Final Summary
